apps/legato_flash/firmware/legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X/readme.md, before:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mz_ef_cu_wqvga_arch.png)

In this configuration, the application uses the Low Cost Controllerless (LCC) driver setup. After the initialization phase, the application transitions into the paint phase, where it draws an image to the frame buffer. The graphics driver stores an internal frame buffer and the application uses a gfx_driver API to write pixel data directly to the frame buffer memory address.

The LCC driver continuously refreshes the display panel with data from the frame buffer and the images are shown on the display.

The application will prompt the user to insert a USB or SD card containing the [Intel HEX Format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_HEX) file to be flashed to the onboard SQI flash device.

Once a valid device and file have been identified the application will prompt the user to confirm they wish to flash the file.  A progress bar will then indicate the progress of the flashing process.

### Demonstration Features

-   Controllerless display driver
-   16-bit RGB Color Mode Frame Buffer in SRAM memory
-   SQI Memory Interface
-   USB Interface
-   SD Card Interface
-   File System Interface
-   Touch Input

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_flash_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram below shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato_flash. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato_adventure/firmware/legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X project file.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X|PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM4301B Display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

The final setup should be:

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter to the PIC32MZ EF Curiosity board.
-   Connect the PDA TM4301B display to the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter using the appropriate ribbon cable.
-   Power up the board by connecting the a micro USB cable to the Debug USB connector on the Curiosity board.

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mzef_cu_565_wqvga_setup.png)

Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

Once the board is powered on, the application will run and show the following image on the display panel.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_flash.png)

* * * * *

Commit message:

gfx_apps_pic32mz_ef v3.9.1
commit 0842a99d264ce2422f392649d1b3bbb79518fde8
Date:   Mon May 3 08:45:34 2021 -0700

    MH3-51876: Set RB6 to GPIO high for Display Backlight

commit 3d3d4baf6e2776f60367afb45e0e5a2989e0e14d
Date:   Fri Apr 30 19:21:58 2021 -0700

    Clean up docs, readme.md and release_notes.md

commit 335aabdc9421565375c8befe53bb35e52586a1b0
Date:   Thu Apr 29 16:58:10 2021 -0700

    Fix version of one main.json file

commit 40a0571315c3ebf34e5167f8935c262bbd100ca6
Date:   Wed Apr 28 17:19:47 2021 -0700

    regen for release

commit 5aefc92cd64e7f79d2e71eb230b8c55f20dda8c7
Date:   Wed Apr 28 15:31:30 2021 -0700

    Revert package.xml support version

commit 27ba051f29af17a8b14f66469bb61369327b6b3b
Date:   Fri Apr 23 13:17:10 2021 -0700

    Update discover versions, package versions, readme.md and release notes

commit 62890f2d6cf194cdca2504ac2c562d25d24ee2ab
Date:   Fri Apr 23 12:49:05 2021 -0700

    MH3-52126: Add Legato Quickstart PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0 with maxTouch Curiosity Pro using 16-bit parallel interface

commit 296e2e165dc5e9055f1a2f5e35cc129a388cc3df
Date:   Thu Apr 22 16:33:00 2021 -0700

    MH3-47305: Add Legato Quickstart with Vertical Orientation

commit 28b80c62566f04db2b0a35a05ace9a2e705013b5
Date:   Mon Jan 18 16:10:44 2021 -0700

    MH3-47395: Add legato_quickstart WVGA 8-LUT configuration

apps/legato_flash/firmware/legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X/readme.md, after:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mz_ef_cu_wqvga_usb_external_arch.png)

In this configuration, the application uses the Low Cost Controllerless (LCC) driver setup. After the initialization phase, the application transitions into the paint phase, where it draws an image to the frame buffer. The graphics driver stores an internal frame buffer and the application uses a gfx_driver API to write pixel data directly to the frame buffer memory address.

The LCC driver continuously refreshes the display panel with data from the frame buffer and the images are shown on the display.

The application will prompt the user to insert a USB MSD containing the [Intel HEX Format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_HEX) file to be flashed to the onboard SQI flash device.

Once a valid device and file have been identified the application will prompt the user to confirm they wish to flash the file.  A progress bar will then indicate the progress of the flashing process.

### Demonstration Features

-   Controllerless display driver
-   16-bit RGB Color Mode Frame Buffer in SRAM memory
-   SQI Memory Interface
-   USB Interface
-   File System Interface
-   Touch Input

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_flash_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram below shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato_flash. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato_adventure/firmware/legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X project file.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato_fl_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X|PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM4301B Display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

The final setup should be:

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter to the PIC32MZ EF Curiosity board.
-   Connect the High-Performance 4.3" WQVGA Display Module with maXTouch® Technology to the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter using the appropriate ribbon cable
-   Power up the board by connecting a micro USB cable to the Debug USB connector or 9v power supply to the barrel plug

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mzef_cu_565_wqvga_setup.png)


Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

Once the board is powered on, the application will run and show the following image on the display panel.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_flash.png)

The application will specifically look for a file in [Intel HEX Format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_HEX) called '**SQI.hex**'.  Connect a FAT32-formatted USB MSD device to the **Target USB** port.  If the device enumeration succeeded, the display will display a USB button.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_flash_run1.png)

Press and release the USB button. The application will initiate the data transfer on release of the button. Depending on the size of SQI.hex file (greater than 500 kilobytes), the application may freeze with no visual feedback, upwards of 30 seconds. It will then display a progress bar to indicate the transfer. The transfer completes when the progress bar is filled. The application will then display a button with **OK**.


* * * * *
