apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res/firmware/legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X/readme.md, before:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mz_ef_cu_wqvga_arch.png)

In this configuration, the application uses the Low Cost Controllerless (LCC) driver setup. After the initialization phase, the application transitions into the paint phase, where it draws an image to the frame buffer. The graphics driver stores an internal frame buffer and the application uses a gfx_driver API to write pixel data directly to the frame buffer memory address.

The LCC driver continuously refreshes the display panel with data from the frame buffer and the images are shown on the display.

The Legato library is configured to enable its media streaming interface.  The application defines the functions required by the graphics library to interface with the external memory sources.  

### Demonstration Features

-   Controllerless display driver
-   16-bit RGB Color Mode Frame Buffer in SRAM memory
-   Legato Graphics Library
-   Touch Input
-   External Media Streaming

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/lcc_rgb565_mxt_mzef_cu_ext_res_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram below shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res/firmware/legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X project file.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X|PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM4301B Display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

The final setup should be:

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter to the PIC32MZ EF Curiosity board.
-   Connect the PDA TM4301B display to the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter using the appropriate ribbon cable.
-   Power up the board by connecting the a micro USB cable to the Debug USB connector on the Curiosity board.

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mzef_cu_565_wqvga_setup.png)

Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

Once the board is powered on, the application will run and show the following image on the display panel.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_quickstart_ext_res.png)

* * * * *

Commit message:

gfx_apps_pic32mz_ef v3.9.1
commit 0842a99d264ce2422f392649d1b3bbb79518fde8
Date:   Mon May 3 08:45:34 2021 -0700

    MH3-51876: Set RB6 to GPIO high for Display Backlight

commit 3d3d4baf6e2776f60367afb45e0e5a2989e0e14d
Date:   Fri Apr 30 19:21:58 2021 -0700

    Clean up docs, readme.md and release_notes.md

commit 335aabdc9421565375c8befe53bb35e52586a1b0
Date:   Thu Apr 29 16:58:10 2021 -0700

    Fix version of one main.json file

commit 40a0571315c3ebf34e5167f8935c262bbd100ca6
Date:   Wed Apr 28 17:19:47 2021 -0700

    regen for release

commit 5aefc92cd64e7f79d2e71eb230b8c55f20dda8c7
Date:   Wed Apr 28 15:31:30 2021 -0700

    Revert package.xml support version

commit 27ba051f29af17a8b14f66469bb61369327b6b3b
Date:   Fri Apr 23 13:17:10 2021 -0700

    Update discover versions, package versions, readme.md and release notes

commit 62890f2d6cf194cdca2504ac2c562d25d24ee2ab
Date:   Fri Apr 23 12:49:05 2021 -0700

    MH3-52126: Add Legato Quickstart PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0 with maxTouch Curiosity Pro using 16-bit parallel interface

commit 296e2e165dc5e9055f1a2f5e35cc129a388cc3df
Date:   Thu Apr 22 16:33:00 2021 -0700

    MH3-47305: Add Legato Quickstart with Vertical Orientation

commit 28b80c62566f04db2b0a35a05ace9a2e705013b5
Date:   Mon Jan 18 16:10:44 2021 -0700

    MH3-47395: Add legato_quickstart WVGA 8-LUT configuration

apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res/firmware/legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X/readme.md, after:


![](../../../../docs/images/mhgs.png) legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X

Defining the Architecture
-------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mz_ef_cu_wqvga_qspi_external_arch.png)

In this configuration, the application uses the Low Cost Controllerless (LCC) driver setup. After the initialization phase, the application transitions into the paint phase, where it draws an image to the frame buffer. The graphics driver stores an internal frame buffer and the application uses a gfx_driver API to write pixel data directly to the frame buffer memory address.

The LCC driver continuously refreshes the display panel with data from the frame buffer and the images are shown on the display.

The Legato library is configured to enable its media streaming interface.  The application defines the functions required by the graphics library to interface with the external memory sources.  

### Demonstration Features

-   Controllerless display driver
-   16-bit RGB Color Mode Frame Buffer in SRAM memory
-   Legato Graphics Library
-   Touch Input
-   External Media Streaming

Creating the Project Graph
--------------------------

![](../../../../docs/images/lcc_rgb565_mxt_mzef_cu_ext_res_pg.png)

The Project Graph diagram below shows the Harmony components that are included in this application. Lines between components are drawn to satisfy components that depend on a capability that another component provides.

Building the Application
------------------------

The parent directory for this application is gfx/apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res. To build this application, use MPLAB X IDE to open the gfx/apps/legato_quickstart_ext_res/firmware/legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X project file.

The following table lists configuration properties:

|Project Name|BSP Used|Graphics Template Used|Description|
|:-----------|:-------|:---------------------|:----------|
|legato_qs_x_r_mzef_cu_tm4301b.X|PIC32MZ EF Curiosity 2.0|Legato Graphics w/ PDA TM4301B Display|

> \*\*\_NOTE:\_\*\* This application may contain custom code that is marked by the comments // START OF CUSTOM CODE ... and // END OF CUSTOM CODE. When using the MPLAB Harmony Configurator to regenerate the application code, use the "ALL" merging strategy and do not remove or replace the custom code.

Configuring the Hardware
------------------------

The final setup should be:

Configure the hardware as follows:

-   Connect the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter to the PIC32MZ EF Curiosity board.
-   Connect the PDA TM4301B display to the RGB 565 Graphics Adapter using the appropriate ribbon cable.
-   Power up the board by connecting the a micro USB cable to the Debug USB connector on the Curiosity board.

![](../../../../docs/images/pic32mzef_cu_565_wqvga_setup.png)

Running the Demonstration
-------------------------

When power-on is successful, the following screen will appear on the display

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_quickstart_ext_res.png)

Pressing the button will cause the application to load a new image. The image cycles in order from Uncompressed RAW with Direct Blit, Uncompressed RAW, Run-Length Encoded (RLE) RAW, JPEG and PNG.

The MPLAB Harmony Graphics Suite logo is also a button. Pressing the logo will toggle the application between English and Simplified Chinese.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_quickstart_ext_res_chinese.png)

Note that all images and glyphs are retrieved from external NVM via QSPI. The application is purposely setup in single-buffer configuration to allow visual inspection of the data retrieval speed of the various images and glyphs.

![](../../../../docs/images/legato_quickstart_ext_res_rle.png)

* * * * *
